# Python-Utility

# 1. Project Acrobat
## a. Convert File to PDF
https://github.com/syenlxyz/Python-Tools/tree/main/project/acrobat-file2pdf
## b. Print PDF File
https://github.com/syenlxyz/Python-Tools/tree/main/project/acrobat-file2print
## c. Count PDF Pages
https://github.com/syenlxyz/Python-Tools/tree/main/project/acrobat-pagecount

# 2. Project Emby
## a. Rename MP3 Metadata
https://github.com/syenlxyz/Python-Tools/tree/main/project/emby-mp3metadata
## b. Rename MP4 Metadata
https://github.com/syenlxyz/Python-Tools/tree/main/project/emby-mp4metadata
## c. Rename TV Episode
https://github.com/syenlxyz/Python-Tools/tree/main/project/emby-tvepisode
## d. Rename TV Subtitle
https://github.com/syenlxyz/Python-Tools/tree/main/project/emby-tvsubtitle

# 3. Project File
## a. Count File and Folder
https://github.com/syenlxyz/Python-Tools/tree/main/project/file-count
## b. Merge File into One Folder
https://github.com/syenlxyz/Python-Tools/tree/main/project/file-merge
## c. Rename File in Alphabetical Order
https://github.com/syenlxyz/Python-Tools/tree/main/project/file-rename
## d. Split File by File Type
https://github.com/syenlxyz/Python-Tools/tree/main/project/file-split

# 4. Project Word
## a. Convert .doc to .docx
https://github.com/syenlxyz/Python-Tools/tree/main/project/word-doc2docx
## b. Convert .docx to .doc
https://github.com/syenlxyz/Python-Tools/tree/main/project/word-docx2doc
## c. Convert Word Document to PDF
https://github.com/syenlxyz/Python-Tools/tree/main/project/word-file2pdf
## d. Print Word Document
https://github.com/syenlxyz/Python-Tools/tree/main/project/word-file2print
## e. Count Word Document Pages
https://github.com/syenlxyz/Python-Tools/tree/main/project/word-pagecount

# 5. Project YouTube
## a. Download MP3 Audio
https://github.com/syenlxyz/Python-Tools/tree/main/project/youtube-mp3download
## b. Download MP4 Video
https://github.com/syenlxyz/Python-Tools/tree/main/project/youtube-mp4download